# About Me #

I'm an aspiring Open Source developer / Linux Systems Administrator. I've been a passionate Linux enthusiast for seven years now, and I'm looking to make a full time career out of my passion for tinkering with Linux machines and teaching people how to tinker on them as well. Two of the most enjoyable things for me are: learning new things and teaching other people new things.

I really like to tinker with hardware and software to get the most out of them. I've built a [custom keyboard](http://imgur.com/a/pnspC) from hand wiring the connections to customizing the firmware. I'm also working on building a Raspberry Pi into a GameBoy Advance SP. The main reason I like tinkering with thing is to get a better understanding of how they work and to make things which are purpose built to suit my needs.

I've tried nearly every one of the major Linux distributions and have settled on Arch Linux because of the amazing amount of customization paired with the great software availability. Speaking of customization, I've been learning how to manage git repositories and have uploaded my dotfiles to [github](https://github.com/mrlinuxfish/dotfiles.git). Managing dotfiles has proven to be a great way to learn about version control and software development. Going back to Arch Linux, one of the best features, for me, is the fact that Arch does not always behave like it probably should which forces me to learn how to fix it. This is of major importance to me as it refines my ability to troubleshoot and repair Linux installations.

Lately I've been learning how to develop Open Source software. I'm currently working on learning to use vim as well as Emacs because I haven't decided which is most valuable for my workflow. On one hand, vim is light weight and works pretty much everywhere, but on the other hand Emacs seems to be more well suited for development work, which is where I hope to end up one day. I'm currently learning to program in ruby, but have taken a slight detour to learn lisp. Lisp, as the grandaddy of most modern programming languages, is an amazing programming language to learn as stepping stone to understanding the flow and nature of programs and scripts.

I've also been working on writing a blog, but, more so than that, I've been learning how to host the infrastructure for a blog. Because of that, I have been learning how to deploy a ruby on rails server as well as generally how to be a sysadmin. The amazing part of having a blog, for me, is the ability to teach people, even if they only know a little less than me.

When it comes to doing nearly anything, I like to make a project out of it. I am actually hosting my resume on [github](www.github.com/mrlinuxfish/resume.git). By making everything into a project, I've been able to develop an extensible workflow which can benefit other people as well. If what I have learned is of value to another person, my goal is to provide that information freely to benefit that person.

Really, I'm a computer nerd who wants to hack on computers (such as programming) and allow other people to do the same. If I get paid for doing this, it ends up being a bonus.
